README.md, before:

# gameMazeRest
Quiz Type Game using REST calls with PHP and JS using Phaser 3 engine.
Simple quiz-based game to test your knowledge of anythings (depending on the questions/answers provided). 
The character should reached the final destinatin point in a shortest time possible. 
You should pickup the a to open the door in the room. 
There could be more than one door in the room and so more than one key. 
Each key is only for one time use.

Enjoy and have fun!

INSTALLATION:
You with your preferable web server, with PHP/MySQL support.
Tested with: Apache 2.x Web Server, PHP 5.6x/7.x and MySQL5.7
Install into your web server application directory.
Start with "start.html", then it will call start.php file with main programm modules.
Database content/schema file: "quizdb_vX.sql" - where X-represents the latest version.
REST procedure could be found in  ./rest
Graphics resourses are:
./jpg
./png
Sounds:
./assets
Scripts JS:
./js

Phaser 3 (the next generation of the Phaser Game Framework):
https://phaser.io/phaser3

Commit message:

modification to Introduction HTML video again. Also update to rest\showDBcont.php file to display results by user sorted and filtered

README.md, after:

# gameMazeRest
Quiz Type Game using REST calls with PHP and JS using Phaser 3 engine.
Simple quiz-based game to test your knowledge of anything (depending on the questions/answers provided).
The character should reached the final destination point in a shortest time possible.
You should pickup the a to open the door in the room.
There could be more than one door in the room and so more than one key.
Each key is only for one time use.

Enjoy and have fun!

INSTALLATION:
You with your preferable web server, with PHP/MySQL support.
Tested with: Apache 2.x Web Server, PHP 5.6x/7.x and MySQL5.7
Install into your web server application directory.
Start with "start.html", then it will call start.php file with main programm modules.
Database content/schema file: "quizdb_vX.sql" - where X-represents the latest version.
REST procedure could be found in  ./rest
Graphics recourses are:
./jpg
./png
Sounds:
./assets
Scripts JS:
./js
some video(HTML5) resources only required for game banner:
./video

Phaser 3 (the next generation of the Phaser Game Framework):
https://phaser.io/phaser3
